remove base64 encoding of ids (#2542)
cs3org/reva: changelog/unreleased/remove-base64-encoding-of-ids.md

Change: Do not encode webDAV ids to base64

> We removed the encoding of the IDs and use the format <storageID>!<opaqueID> with a delimiter. The used delimiter is url safe anc belongs to the reserved keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We removed the base64 encoding of the IDs and use the format <storageID>!<opaqueID> with a `!` delimiter. As a reserved delimiter it is URL safe. The IDs will be XML and JSON encoded as necessary.
```
